Include a note for Guest Account (#8264)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

- **Guests in Teams**: IB policies apply to guests in Teams, too. If guests need to be discoverable in your organization's global address list, see [Manage guest access in Microsoft 365 Groups](/microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/manage-guest-access-in-groups). Once guests are discoverable, you can [define IB policies](/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-policies).

> >[!NOTE]
> >When you add guest account, ensure "ShowInAddressList" is set to TRUE.Refer [Set-AzureADUser](/powershell/module/azuread/set-azureaduser?view=azureadps-2.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When you add a guest account, ensure that `ShowInAddressList` is set to **True**. For more information, see [Set-AzureADUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/azuread/set-azureaduser?view=azureadps-2.0).
```
